---
title: Coffee
date: 2023-03-23
tags:
  - Alt fiction
---

I am sitting in a peaceful coffee shop, just outside my PG. Alone. I ordered an iced pour over. I have been drinking iced coffee for almost an year now.  It’s the caffeinated hope that I am addicted to. Will someone be joining you, the waiter asks. I hope not, I reply. I chuckle sadly before going back to this exact blog that I had been writing. Nowadays, I can’t leave myself alone with my thoughts. Things could go terribly wrong. I need my mind to be distracted. Always.

I have been living one day at a time for as long as I can remember. Just focus on the present, things will be fine. Things never turned out to be fine. They were far from fine. They still are so, so far from fine. But now I don’t complain. I have complained enough and I am tired now. It doesn’t solve anything. This piece I am writing is exactly about that.

Have you ever felt that your whole life has passed by right in front of your eyes? Like you remember every second, every minute, every day, of the years that have gone by? And you are tired and you don’t want to watch it but you can’t help it so you just keep on watching. And some days your eyes are so wide open that you start seeing the future. The things that are gonna happen. All the unexciting events that are gonna unravel. And you know that it’s all gonna be true and you are already tired of them without actually living them. So all you gotta do is wait. Wait till all of it passes.

I am in my office now. It’s an okay office in HSR. The kind of office where they value their plants more than their interns. I had a very bad morning. I woke up with a wrist pain. It’s a TFCC injury. I overstrained my wrists. I should consult with a doctor. My colleague called and told me that I was late for the meeting. He sounded kind of pissed. I didn’t care. I made my coffee and headed for the meeting. “What do you think about this?”, someone asks me. I stare at them for a while. “Do you like this?”, they ask back. Suddenly it strikes me. I don’t like this. I don’t like any of this. I walk out of the meeting. And then the city. And then the country. I am done, I tell myself, knowing perfectly well that I am not. I am far from done. I live in a different country for a couple of years. I come back, an unchanged man. Who was I running away from, anyway?

What’s the meaning of it all? I ask a friend at 3 am. We are both in our twenties. He smiles and goes to pee. I continue watching the TV. He comes back and tells me that I shouldn’t worry about the meaning of it all. Maybe the answer is in the search. I nod. Or maybe the meaning is so simple that we are unable to grasp it, he continues. You are drunk, I tell him. Or maybe, there is no meaning. We continue living till we die. Maybe we are too small to comprehend all of this. Or too insignificant. Okay, you definitely need to sleep. He nods off. I go to the kitchen to make myself some coffee. There is no milk. So I make a iced coffee for the first time.

It’s 6 pm and the sun is about to set. The waiter comes back with another coffee. I am almost done with my piece . Things will be fine. I hope everyone will be happy. I finish my blog and start walking towards my room. It’s unusually quiet today. I buy some apples on my way. Coffee and apples. That’s my diet nowadays. I haven’t felt breathless in more than a year. It cured itself. I enter my room. I shut the door. I watch some more of this life pass by.